[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna get primitive with the
absolutely brutal 2015 horror western
bone tomahawk let's get to it
we opened under brutal murder taking
place as a portion of a larger
bushwhacking still in progress as the
assailants sift through the belonging is
looking for any loose changes are
interrupted by the sound of horses in
the distance they scurry off to hide
pushing past a variety of clear signs
warning them away and eventually find
themselves standing their ground against
an unknown threat and are savaged by a
dark figure eleven days later we find
ourselves in the small town of bright
hope Arthur O'Dwyer is sulking on the
couch despondent about a leg injury that
caused him to miss out on a work
opportunity but affords him some quality
time with his wife Samantha we later
find sheriff hunt visited by a
breathless deputy chicory who had been
out on a night ramble when he spied a
transient burying luggage in a
suspicious manner they depart to make a
survey and take a few moments to
question the drifter casting numerous
aspersions Purvis attempts to play it
cool until he doesn't but only makes it
about a foot and then they drag him off
to the station mr. brooder fetches
Samantha due to her leg wound experience
and because the doc would be too deep in
his cup at this hour they receive her at
the jail providing any provisions he
requests Hunt intends to leave deputy
Nick with her for the evening the
sheriff or prizes Arthur of this
situation they all settle in for a quiet
restful night except for Buford he hears
someone ryland the horses and goes to
check the stable and he won't see
another sunrise in the morning Clarence
alerts the sheriff that he came upon
Buford mutilated remains and in
attempting to enlist the service of a
deputy found the jail empty the jail is
indeed found to be empty save a bit of
peculiar evidence they meet at to learn
at Goat where chicory brings the
professor to weigh his opinion he
identifies the arrow as belonging to a
primitive pre lingual tribe they called
the troglodytes and all other tribes
generally steer clear of them if and
they're able he points to Posse in their
general direction and backs away slowly
Hunt's tells Arthur about what happened
and he can't deter him from embarking
with the group so the volunteers all
collect their provisions and make their
final arrangements before mounting up
and proceeding to travel in a cinema to
graphically pleasing manner they set up
camp for the evening and we get a better
sense of their characters when brooder
gets a little too commanding and chicory
sets him right demonstrating his fierce
loyalty to both the sheriff and the
hierarchical command structure then they
get on to some more ridin water in and
speken at the next breakpoint Arthur
takes a moment to check his leg which is
rotting slowly hunt takes the
opportunity to confiscate his opium for
own benefit to keep him in the saddle
and only allows him to proceed if he
agrees to be checked by chicory later on
which results in some gangrenous
concerns they're then approached by
strangers in the night hunt handles the
situation with caution while brooder
opts for precaution surmising that they
must be Scouts for a raiding party
they're uneasy about the ethics of this
but it bears out later when they awake
at their new camp - a bushwhacking in
progress they managed to survive but
find themselves sans horses from that
point on
O'Dwyer suggests walking at night and
sleeping at dawn and he commits to
continuing until he catches them while
they sleep he heads out as they break
camp getting a good lead but likely
wishing he had two crutches they
eventually overtake him agreeing to mark
the trail ahead with stones he's
overcome with a crippling loneliness so
after catching them and getting not
quite enough sleep he's determined to
keep up this time however a simple
innuendo about his wife brings him down
and the prognosis is not good they agree
to setting it rather than amputating he
takes a sip with the good stuff says his
I'm sorry's and prepares his body for an
extreme violation the next morning the
gang finds themselves getting closer
eventually picking up the trail of the
stolen stable horses from town which
leads them to the appropriate Valley and
some familiar omens of bad fortune they
continue their approach constantly aware
of a loud distant droning sound they
interpret as an alarm to their presence
they arrive at a hike Haven are
descended upon in silent and brutal
fashion recognising the end is near
brooder asks to be left behind with a
repeater a cigar and a stick of dynamite
unfortunately he only manages to make an
even trade and the others don't get far
either they're hoisted into the cave
where they find mrs. O'Dwyer and deputy
Nick Purvis having been previously
consumed
Samantha confers for them that obedience
is the best policy they pull Nick out of
his cage for dinner time and we get a
demonstration of their casual brutality
when one of them unhesitatingly laps off
Hunt's fingers for being too noisy and
then again when they proceed to butcher
Nick in a scene that I can't even get
close to showing meanwhile we see that
Arthur is woken up and proceeds in a
westerly direction traveling day and
night occasionally succumbing to doses
of opium but a familiar distant moaning
sound snaps him back to consciousness
back in the cave Samantha confirms she
had counted approximately 12 males and
they enact a plan where and they fight
over a flask in order to trick them into
drinking its contents which are poisoned
with tincture in the midst of another
opium nap Arthur is surprised by to
troglodytes who managed to screw their
short-range ambush but just barely he
discovers the strange noises they've
been making are coming from a voice box
modification which he extracts and puts
his mouth on in a very disgusting manner
using it to flush out another one
finding his stature to be an advantage
in the cave the poisoning works in hunt
is administered a fitting punishment
when they insert the now hot flask into
his torso they're eventually interrupted
by gunshots both far and near giving
hunt an opportunity to exact some
revenge punishment before he dies he
instructs chicory to escort the
O'Dwyer's home while he stays behind to
try to execute the remaining males and
on their way across the valley they hear
several gunshots in the distance and
hope for the best and that was bone
tomahawk a movie that despite its long
runtime and relatively slow pace feels
unrelenting if you enjoyed the video I'd
love for you to become a part of the
channel by subscribing thanks for
watching
[Music]